Reading prompt from stdin...
OpenAI Codex v0.136.0
--------
workdir: C:\Users\Kao\Downloads\Calculus_handout\video\output\_codex_review
model: gpt-5.5
provider: openai
approval: never
sandbox: read-only
reasoning effort: xhigh
reasoning summaries: none
session id: 019ee668-27ab-7ca1-a2e5-771cf1d4b087
--------
user
You are a senior visual-design and typography critic reviewing ONE still frame from
an educational mathematics video (16:9, 1920x1080). House style: dark "midnight"
background, serif (Times) typography for prose and math, a restrained accent palette
(blue = structure, amber/gold = the key takeaway, green ✓ / red ✗ = verdicts),
rendered with Manim. Frames reveal progressively during the scene, so treat THIS as
the final, fullest composition — "everything visible at once" is intended, and there
is no motion to judge.

Judge ONLY aesthetics and layout. Do NOT comment on whether the mathematics is
correct or pedagogically complete (that is audited separately). Focus on:
- spacing & balance: title-to-body gaps, dead bands, crowding, edge margins, vertical centering
- alignment: left/center consistency, optical alignment, ragged wraps, widows/orphans
- hierarchy: is the eye led from title → key idea → support? is the amber "key" actually salient?
- label placement on graphs: collisions, labels floating far from their curve, labels on top of marks/ticks
- typography: relative sizes, line length, awkward line breaks, punctuation spacing
- color & contrast: anything too dim to read, accent overuse/underuse

Be specific and actionable. For every issue give: (a) what is wrong, (b) where (which
element / region), (c) a concrete fix ("increase title-to-body gap by ~X", "move the
y=x label up-left into the empty wedge", "reduce caption to one line"). Prioritize.

Do NOT inspect the repository, run commands, or modify any files — only analyze the
attached image. Respond in this exact structure:

OVERALL: <one or two sentences on the composition, and a 0-100 aesthetic score>
BLOCKING: <issues that genuinely hurt readability/clarity; "none" if so>
POLISH: <ranked list of aesthetic/layout improvements, most impactful first>

codex
OVERALL: Strong house style and clear serif hierarchy, with the amber inverse line reading as the intended takeaway. The composition feels left-heavy and vertically loose, though. Score: 78/100

BLOCKING: none

POLISH:
1. The body block sits too low relative to the title, creating a large dead band across the middle. First equation region: move the equations up by ~60-80 px, or reduce the title-to-body gap by about one line-height.

2. The entire composition is very left-weighted, with a mostly empty right half. Body equation block: shift it slightly right by ~40-70 px, or allow the first/support lines to extend a little more centrally so the frame feels less abandoned on the right.

3. The title is visually dominant enough that it competes with the math. Title region: reduce title size by ~8-10% or tighten its vertical footprint, preserving the amber line as the main focal point after the heading.

4. The amber key equation is salient, but the glow/shadow makes the letterforms a bit fuzzy. Key takeaway line: reduce the outer glow/offset shadow by ~25-40% and keep the gold fill crisp.

5. Vertical spacing between equation rows is slightly uneven: the gap above the amber line feels larger and more dramatic than the gap below. Math block: normalize row spacing, or intentionally give the amber line ~10-15 px more breathing room on both sides.

6. The bottom support equation is close to the lower edge of the active content area while the right side remains empty. Final equation region: either move the full math stack up slightly or add a subtle right-side structural element only if it supports the lesson.

7. The small audio/equalizer mark in the lower-right is very dim and visually disconnected. Lower-right corner: either remove it for a cleaner academic frame or raise opacity slightly if it is meant as a persistent brand/status element.
tokens used
11,825
OVERALL: Strong house style and clear serif hierarchy, with the amber inverse line reading as the intended takeaway. The composition feels left-heavy and vertically loose, though. Score: 78/100

BLOCKING: none

POLISH:
1. The body block sits too low relative to the title, creating a large dead band across the middle. First equation region: move the equations up by ~60-80 px, or reduce the title-to-body gap by about one line-height.

2. The entire composition is very left-weighted, with a mostly empty right half. Body equation block: shift it slightly right by ~40-70 px, or allow the first/support lines to extend a little more centrally so the frame feels less abandoned on the right.

3. The title is visually dominant enough that it competes with the math. Title region: reduce title size by ~8-10% or tighten its vertical footprint, preserving the amber line as the main focal point after the heading.

4. The amber key equation is salient, but the glow/shadow makes the letterforms a bit fuzzy. Key takeaway line: reduce the outer glow/offset shadow by ~25-40% and keep the gold fill crisp.

5. Vertical spacing between equation rows is slightly uneven: the gap above the amber line feels larger and more dramatic than the gap below. Math block: normalize row spacing, or intentionally give the amber line ~10-15 px more breathing room on both sides.

6. The bottom support equation is close to the lower edge of the active content area while the right side remains empty. Final equation region: either move the full math stack up slightly or add a subtle right-side structural element only if it supports the lesson.

7. The small audio/equalizer mark in the lower-right is very dim and visually disconnected. Lower-right corner: either remove it for a cleaner academic frame or raise opacity slightly if it is meant as a persistent brand/status element.
