Reading prompt from stdin...
OpenAI Codex v0.136.0
--------
workdir: C:\Users\Kao\Downloads\Calculus_handout\video\output\_codex_review
model: gpt-5.5
provider: openai
approval: never
sandbox: read-only
reasoning effort: xhigh
reasoning summaries: none
session id: 019ee681-9c9c-71a1-b899-7455da022dca
--------
user
You are a senior visual-design and typography critic reviewing ONE still frame from
an educational mathematics video (16:9, 1920x1080). House style: dark "midnight"
background, serif (Times) typography for prose and math, a restrained accent palette
(blue = structure, amber/gold = the key takeaway, green ✓ / red ✗ = verdicts),
rendered with Manim. Frames reveal progressively during the scene, so treat THIS as
the final, fullest composition — "everything visible at once" is intended, and there
is no motion to judge.

Judge ONLY aesthetics and layout. Do NOT comment on whether the mathematics is
correct or pedagogically complete (that is audited separately). Focus on:
- spacing & balance: title-to-body gaps, dead bands, crowding, edge margins, vertical centering
- alignment: left/center consistency, optical alignment, ragged wraps, widows/orphans
- hierarchy: is the eye led from title → key idea → support? is the amber "key" actually salient?
- label placement on graphs: collisions, labels floating far from their curve, labels on top of marks/ticks
- typography: relative sizes, line length, awkward line breaks, punctuation spacing
- color & contrast: anything too dim to read, accent overuse/underuse

Be specific and actionable. For every issue give: (a) what is wrong, (b) where (which
element / region), (c) a concrete fix ("increase title-to-body gap by ~X", "move the
y=x label up-left into the empty wedge", "reduce caption to one line"). Prioritize.

Do NOT inspect the repository, run commands, or modify any files — only analyze the
attached image. Respond in this exact structure:

OVERALL: <one or two sentences on the composition, and a 0-100 aesthetic score>
BLOCKING: <issues that genuinely hurt readability/clarity; "none" if so>
POLISH: <ranked list of aesthetic/layout improvements, most impactful first>

codex
OVERALL: Strong, restrained midnight composition with a clear procedural hierarchy. The frame feels polished, but the body area is horizontally overextended, which weakens the connection between each instruction and its matching formula. Score: 84/100

BLOCKING: none

POLISH:
1. The right-side formulas feel detached from their corresponding steps. They sit very far to the right, leaving a wide dead band across the middle-right. Move the formula column left by ~120-180 px, or align it closer to the text column so each row reads as one unit.

2. The amber emphasis is underpowered. “WORKED” is amber, but the actual takeaway in the bottom box reads in blue, so the key accent is spent on a label rather than the conclusion. Make the final takeaway phrase amber/gold, or reduce “WORKED” and reserve amber for the important result.

3. The body text is slightly too dim against the background. The gray prose is readable, but it recedes more than necessary compared with the bright cyan numbers. Increase prose opacity/brightness by ~10-15%, especially for “Solve for x in terms of y.”

4. The vertical divider marks beside 01/02/03 are too faint and visually inconsistent. Make them the same height and opacity, or remove them entirely; currently they read more like stray marks than structure.

5. The bottom worked-example box is elegant but a little low and isolated. Move it up by ~25-40 px to reduce the bottom-heavy dead zone and make it feel more connected to step 03.

6. The large cyan step numbers dominate more than the title-to-body hierarchy needs. Reduce them by ~5-8% or slightly soften the glow/shadow so they remain structural without competing with the main title.
tokens used
11,793
OVERALL: Strong, restrained midnight composition with a clear procedural hierarchy. The frame feels polished, but the body area is horizontally overextended, which weakens the connection between each instruction and its matching formula. Score: 84/100

BLOCKING: none

POLISH:
1. The right-side formulas feel detached from their corresponding steps. They sit very far to the right, leaving a wide dead band across the middle-right. Move the formula column left by ~120-180 px, or align it closer to the text column so each row reads as one unit.

2. The amber emphasis is underpowered. “WORKED” is amber, but the actual takeaway in the bottom box reads in blue, so the key accent is spent on a label rather than the conclusion. Make the final takeaway phrase amber/gold, or reduce “WORKED” and reserve amber for the important result.

3. The body text is slightly too dim against the background. The gray prose is readable, but it recedes more than necessary compared with the bright cyan numbers. Increase prose opacity/brightness by ~10-15%, especially for “Solve for x in terms of y.”

4. The vertical divider marks beside 01/02/03 are too faint and visually inconsistent. Make them the same height and opacity, or remove them entirely; currently they read more like stray marks than structure.

5. The bottom worked-example box is elegant but a little low and isolated. Move it up by ~25-40 px to reduce the bottom-heavy dead zone and make it feel more connected to step 03.

6. The large cyan step numbers dominate more than the title-to-body hierarchy needs. Reduce them by ~5-8% or slightly soften the glow/shadow so they remain structural without competing with the main title.
