Reading prompt from stdin...
OpenAI Codex v0.136.0
--------
workdir: C:\Users\Kao\Downloads\Calculus_handout\video\output\_codex_review
model: gpt-5.5
provider: openai
approval: never
sandbox: read-only
reasoning effort: xhigh
reasoning summaries: none
session id: 019ee680-cc3f-7671-a4fb-f724f84822f7
--------
user
You are a senior visual-design and typography critic reviewing ONE still frame from
an educational mathematics video (16:9, 1920x1080). House style: dark "midnight"
background, serif (Times) typography for prose and math, a restrained accent palette
(blue = structure, amber/gold = the key takeaway, green ✓ / red ✗ = verdicts),
rendered with Manim. Frames reveal progressively during the scene, so treat THIS as
the final, fullest composition — "everything visible at once" is intended, and there
is no motion to judge.

Judge ONLY aesthetics and layout. Do NOT comment on whether the mathematics is
correct or pedagogically complete (that is audited separately). Focus on:
- spacing & balance: title-to-body gaps, dead bands, crowding, edge margins, vertical centering
- alignment: left/center consistency, optical alignment, ragged wraps, widows/orphans
- hierarchy: is the eye led from title → key idea → support? is the amber "key" actually salient?
- label placement on graphs: collisions, labels floating far from their curve, labels on top of marks/ticks
- typography: relative sizes, line length, awkward line breaks, punctuation spacing
- color & contrast: anything too dim to read, accent overuse/underuse

Be specific and actionable. For every issue give: (a) what is wrong, (b) where (which
element / region), (c) a concrete fix ("increase title-to-body gap by ~X", "move the
y=x label up-left into the empty wedge", "reduce caption to one line"). Prioritize.

Do NOT inspect the repository, run commands, or modify any files — only analyze the
attached image. Respond in this exact structure:

OVERALL: <one or two sentences on the composition, and a 0-100 aesthetic score>
BLOCKING: <issues that genuinely hurt readability/clarity; "none" if so>
POLISH: <ranked list of aesthetic/layout improvements, most impactful first>

codex
OVERALL: Elegant dark-frame typography with a strong title, but the composition feels left-heavy and under-hierarchized. Aesthetic score: 78/100.

BLOCKING: none

POLISH:
1. The key takeaway is not visually salient. The final verdict “g is not one-to-one” uses only a small red ✗, while the stated house style reserves amber/gold for the key idea. Add amber emphasis to the takeaway phrase or a short amber rule/accent beside the final row.

2. The entire body block sits too far left, leaving a large unused dark field on the right half. Shift the three-row body group about 80-120 px right, or extend the right-column annotations farther right so the composition occupies the frame more evenly.

3. The title-to-body gap is large. The first body row starts around the vertical middle, creating a dead band beneath the title. Move the body block up by about 40-60 px, or slightly reduce the title size by 5-8%.

4. The right-column text is too dim relative to the left-column claims. The equations and “two inputs, one output” read as secondary notes rather than supporting evidence. Raise their opacity/brightness by roughly 10-15%.

5. The dotted leader lines feel tentative and unevenly weighted. They are very faint and short, especially in the lower rows. Make them slightly brighter, align them consistently to the text baselines, and consider extending each by 40-60 px for clearer left-to-right connection.

6. The bottom-right note “two inputs, one output” is nicely styled but floats a bit far from the equation it explains. Move it 20-30 px left or align its left edge with the right-column equation above for a cleaner vertical column.

7. The lower-right corner mark is subtle but visually competes with the empty space. Either reduce its opacity further or move the main content slightly right so it feels less isolated.
tokens used
12,451
OVERALL: Elegant dark-frame typography with a strong title, but the composition feels left-heavy and under-hierarchized. Aesthetic score: 78/100.

BLOCKING: none

POLISH:
1. The key takeaway is not visually salient. The final verdict “g is not one-to-one” uses only a small red ✗, while the stated house style reserves amber/gold for the key idea. Add amber emphasis to the takeaway phrase or a short amber rule/accent beside the final row.

2. The entire body block sits too far left, leaving a large unused dark field on the right half. Shift the three-row body group about 80-120 px right, or extend the right-column annotations farther right so the composition occupies the frame more evenly.

3. The title-to-body gap is large. The first body row starts around the vertical middle, creating a dead band beneath the title. Move the body block up by about 40-60 px, or slightly reduce the title size by 5-8%.

4. The right-column text is too dim relative to the left-column claims. The equations and “two inputs, one output” read as secondary notes rather than supporting evidence. Raise their opacity/brightness by roughly 10-15%.

5. The dotted leader lines feel tentative and unevenly weighted. They are very faint and short, especially in the lower rows. Make them slightly brighter, align them consistently to the text baselines, and consider extending each by 40-60 px for clearer left-to-right connection.

6. The bottom-right note “two inputs, one output” is nicely styled but floats a bit far from the equation it explains. Move it 20-30 px left or align its left edge with the right-column equation above for a cleaner vertical column.

7. The lower-right corner mark is subtle but visually competes with the empty space. Either reduce its opacity further or move the main content slightly right so it feels less isolated.
